human obviously you you're happy with
how today went yeah i'm happy if i do
really days were being happy today where
I was sitting on top of that medicine
thing and then then today you know yeah
like this but i think that the globally
older was this extra happy today and and
today's ago like I said it that you know
I came to the buzzer and I wanted to try
at I take a few risk as well and you
know I could have completely blown leak
anomaly to go and whatever told you know
I might be like I said a few before I
came here and I wanted to drive more
aggressively fine more aggressively in a
pack of it and i've done of the two
times already in and say i was able to
do it in there and here's which was
something that i was i was hoping that I
could be able to do it on pager another
you know butter then add the makes the
motor days and today and I saw the
opening for the device some other and a
half to go I just give it a chance and
no nothing to lose and have them and
what they're pretty good those are you
happy yeah sure do you think your form
is higher than the tour or is it
possible to compare mmm no I are you
know that the rate is very different in
that perspective close difficult to
compare indeed but I think on my you
know I think now this is the performance
yeah I do think it's better um skinny or
even another and more experienced again
so the secure would mine was my first on
rotting know a rob when I was 13 into
water but I had taken a break away and
it wasn't as much rest as what there is
now you know yeah and the other thing is
about the thirteenth place in the world
who was a part of it was built on
getting is that break and getting the
the kind of at the time then yeah now
it's on fighting every day for four
seconds when when I did the work like
the three years ago a minute you know
yeah exactly yeah opening a gap you open
to GARP over tondo invalid today so are
you you confident a bit about keeping
fifth or was a two
soon to to make a judgment on that no
you know this is the thing was it was
just a similar to 23 pages with with
them you know that at 46 take on false
or something where you can gain time or
you lose two minutes and some of the
meters so you know it's going to be a
sum of yourself on trial everybody you
know it's been very tight it's all I got
five minutes from in mind they got
behind me yeah sort of a I can deter at
okay do not go cause a minute beyond or
miniature tea behind me but then the
engine offers like already three minutes
and something up now it the Potter you
know the arch- 42nd and crunch which
could be a big big n gold for me on on
the couch while trying close as possible
to the Frank and get a fart possible
away from from the Sun door Bennett's
because you know they had bad day and I
thought a bad day is in on door or not a
such a good data that I wanted in on
door but uh you know we this is the
thing with the grantors in the matter is
like we know where we're all in the
tanner what one day you can have a bad
day and you know that the hardest mental
pages yet to come from its 22 kilometers
but last time for the sort of finish on
part of a so yeah they do kilometers is
not a fight back in the pen second if
you go the engine there five minutes no
but it just seemed to be just two days
left at the time trial and saturday and
and the rest looks like probable bunch
Sprint's or small breaks so yeah well
one of the bunch brains and that the
other than 40k page I could be a
breakaway better yeah but it should know
GC and act of the theme yet to make sure
the right guys on the breakaway and you
know we the theme is all I defend my
position if it bit thick or fourth or
fifth or whatever sure you know the
themes ready to defend marking my
position and I need any of the day that
I like this is a breakaway that goes too
far on man today well robes in that
perspective as well because we didn't
know didn't wanta you know punch it to
be
two thousand me yeah sure yeah yeah get
up the front and row the temple he was
there that I want to feel I can't have
gone to clanton what is useful you know
maybe ride and she writes wrong and you
know might be better for me for you know
keep the rhythm I and there'd be that's
fighting for positioning and everything
so ya know he did that with a he did a
great job there and I worked that
perfect and then we just came to do down
am I not about the same each night but
because then I had worked there for me
as well you know it worked a good better
blow it was a rental gap and he was all
happy because I you know I packed and
everything that I played the game right
over all know the global I clean
satisfaction yeah sure you mentioned
your you're skinnier than the torso so
what's the weight difference between now
and then a kilo how many 1 1 kilo okay
yeah did my body fat for does the White
you know it changes a bit with yeah of
course we're also here like an average
because most of the days and I'm roughly
the same of the servitor I arrived here
at the buzzer at the same white but
senior and now I'm actually I'm after
the wife and in years yeah okay things
there yeah is this better than you
expected going into it like were you
thinking top 10 rather than top five a
lot of thinking thought then that would
have been bettering maybe over-ambitious
at the end when I arrived at the world
that take up five yeah um deafening all
people but uh no I'm you know I'm happy
because pop then would have been great
and subject five is now something better
I think it's another big step for you
know